Family Support Center of South Sound

Safety Committee

January 12, 2018

Present: Natalie Skovran, Colton Grainger, Abbigail Shirk, Amanda King

Regular monthly meetings – 2^nd^ Tuesday of the month, 10:00AM, first
floor conference room

Next steps for committee:

-   Having Pear Blossom Place representation—Natalie will follow up with
    Jeff to make sure he can attend

-   Finalize online physical incident report form- Colton will finalize,
    send to Natalie & Trish for final approval

    -   Get incident report sent out to all FSC staff and building
        partners

-   <safety@fscss.org> account currently goes to Jeff Shannon

    -   Colton will change forwarding so it is sent to Natalie

    -   Natalie will make sure all building tenants and staff know about
        it and when to use it

-   Chemical inventory and MSDS sheets at both PBP and office

    -   Natalie will ask Josh to inventory current chemicals, also
        identifying ones that need to be disposed of

    -   Amanda will pull MSDS logs for all chemicals at FSC office
        location; physical binder to be created

    -   Colton will inventory PBP chemicals and get MSDS sheets posted
        in the janitor closet and posted at reception desk at PBP

    -   Colton will make sure Jeff knows about sheets; Jeff will
        ultimately be tasked with this responsibility going forward

    -   Colton identified that PBP is out of body fluid cleanup
        materials; Natalie will ask Keiya to order more

-   Need to review and update the existing safety plan

    -   Natalie will review existing document and will send to internal
        committee for initial review and feedback

    -   Draft will be brought to February meeting for partners to
        address

-   Trainings needed, as well as policies developed—and drills

    -   Active shooter

    -   Lockdown protocols

    -   Fire drills

    -   Emergency situations (ie: earthquake)

-   Policies/procedures developed within the safety plan specific to how
    to handle incident reports

    -   Abbigail will create a draft for February meeting

    -   When an incident report is submitted, what type of situations
        required immediate action vs when it can wait until next month’s
        meeting etc.

-   Emergency supply kits

    -   All at FSC currently expired, likely not enough

    -   Need to prioritize getting restocked; PBP need?

-   Revisit Ken Clark safety assessment in next few months for office;
    possibly ask him to look at shelter as well

-   Safety Committee Chair

    -   Natalie stepped in as temporary chair; will lead group for next
        few months until it’s off the ground, then designate another
        lead person

-   Remind notification system

    -   Natalie will set up an account and test internally with
        committee by 1/19 to see if it works

    -   Following our internal test if it’s determined to work for our
        needs, we will then send out to all staff and partners

NEXT MEETING: Tuesday, February 13 at 10:00AM
